docs: add sponsored and walletless uploads guide (#3548)
MystenLabs/walrus: docs/content/getting-started/index.mdx

:::

> If your app pays for storage on behalf of its users, or lets users upload without a wallet, see [Sponsored and walletless uploads](/docs/sponsored-uploads) for the reference architecture and common pitfalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app design includes storage payment on behalf of its users, or leting users upload without a wallet, see [Sponsored and walletless uploads](/docs/sponsored-uploads) for information on implementation, the reference architecture, and common pitfalls.
```
